Staking Collection Docs Page (#472)
onflow/flow: docs/content/core-contracts/staking-collection.mdx

---
title: Flow Staking Collection Contract Reference
sidebar_title: Staking Collection
---

# Contract

> The `StakingCollection` contract is a contract that manages a resource containing a users stake and delegation objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `StakingCollection` contract is a contract that manages a resource containing a users node and delegator objects.
```

> The `StakingCollection` allows a user to manage multiple active stake or delegations, interact with stake or delegation objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `StakingCollection` allows a user to manage multiple active nodes or delegators and interact with node or delegator objects
```

> stored in either their optional locked account or in the StakingCollection itself. If a user has locked tokens, StakingCollection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stored in either their optional locked account or in the StakingCollection itself (stored in the main account). If a user has locked tokens, StakingCollection
```

> allows a user to interact with their locked tokens to perform staking and deleagating actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allows a user to interact with their locked tokens to perform staking actions for any of their nodes or delegators.
```

Source: [StakingCollection.cdc](https://github.com/onflow/flow-core-contracts/blob/master/contracts/StakingCollection.cdc)

| Network | Contract Address     |
|---------|----------------------|
| Testnet | `0x95e019a17d0e23d7` |
| Mainnet | `0x8d0e87b65159ae63` | 

## Transactions

Use the following transactions to interact with the StakingCollection.

_Note: The StakingCollection differentiates between stake and delegation requests through

> passing an optional DelegatorID. For example, if you wish to Stake New Tokens for an active Stake,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
passing an optional DelegatorID. For example, if you wish to Stake New Tokens for an active node,
```

|**`SL.14`**| Get Node Ids                           | [stakingCollection/scripts/get_node_ids.cdc](https://github.com/onflow/flow-core-contracts/blob/master/transactions/stakingCollection/scripts/get_node_ids.cdc) |
|**`SL.15`**| Get Does Stake Exist                   | [stakingCollection/scripts/get_does_stake_exist.cdc](https://github.com/onflow/flow-core-contracts/blob/master/transactions/stakingCollection/scripts/get_does_stake_exist.cdc) |
|**`SL.16`**| Get Locked Tokens Used                 | [stakingCollection/scripts/get_locked_tokens_used.cdc](https://github.com/onflow/flow-core-contracts/blob/master/transactions/stakingCollection/scripts/get_locked_tokens_used.cdc) |
|**`SL.17`**| Get Unlocked Tokens Used               | [stakingCollection/scripts/get_unlocked_tokens_used.cdc](https://github.com/onflow/flow-core-contracts/blob/master/transactions/stakingCollection/scripts/get_unlocked_tokens_used.cdc) |

## Setup Transaction

To setup the Staking Collection for an account, use the `SC.01` transaction.

> The setup process finds any stake or delegation records already stored in an account's storage, as well as any in the associated locked account. It connects them with the new Staking Collection, allowing them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The setup process finds any node or delegator records already stored in the main account's storage, as well as any in the associated locked account. It connects them with the new Staking Collection, allowing them
```
